I never said that, Maya.
I never once said that.
Uh, yeah, you kinda did, Sam.
When? When--when
did i say that?
You said, and I quote, "Maya, I think it's
time-- I think it's time I met the folks."
Was I drunk?
No , you weren't drunk.
Horny, maybe, but not drunk.
I just...
you know, meetin' the folks when the rest of
the department doesn't know yet, the boss...
uh, news
flash, Sam--
ma, stepdad, they don't hang out with the boss and
the rest of the detectives down at the old 1-2-5.
I just think we need to...
proceed with caution. All right?
- Yes. All right.
- That's all.
Hey!
I'm crazy about you, maya.
I just...
I just... it's-- can we
talk about this later?
Sure.
He is a homicide suspect, he is dangerous,
Becareful, All right!
What's the status inside, boss?
Raimes is alone, fourth floor apartment.
You know if Raimes is
a possible track star?
I figure not. Serial
killers usually aren't.
Good, 'cause I'm all out of fight.
- Ready, clams?
- Ready.
N.Y.P.D.!
Go ahead. Check the window.
Track star!
- All units...The suspect is in the wind.
- raimes!
- Stop!
-He's gone out the back. He's gone out the back.
Move!
suspect is out the window. I'm on it.
cut him off!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
get out of the way!
hold it!
- smash his face in!
- I'm trying.
- Ain't talking to you. Kill the pig, freak show.
- What?
take him down, man!
Colin Raimes, you're under arrest for the
abduction and murder of Laurie Stewart.
Laurie Stewart--
kidnapped may 5th.
No sexual assault, held for 30 hours
and strangled to death with a bootlace.
We still haven't processed what this
fiber is we found under her fingernail.
You wanna tell us, colin?
Colin, this is your
diary found in your room.
"I killed her.I left her
shirt for them to find,
"held her for 30 hours, "just
the same way. She's been killed.
"I enjoyed killing her. It
was more fun than marbles."
Marbles? What are you, 9?
I like Marbles.
What was the exact time of
the abduction on may 5th?
Approximately 2300 hours.
- 11:00 P.M.?
- Yeah.
These are the security tapes for the
stardrift casino in Atlantic city,
time-stamped may 5th.
If we were to fast-forward, you would see
mr. Raimes played craps all night long.
I think we're done here.
check with the stardrift, make sure
the time stamp hasn't been tampered.
- yeah?
- It's me.
I'm in east river park, and
I got Raimes in my crosshairs.
Raimes is out?
Why are you doing this, Maya?
Well, I keep going back to the diary.
"I held her for 30
hours, just the same way."
It's like he's trying to impress
someone, copying something or someone.
I feel like I've missed something.
You don't have to prove anything to me.
Don't I?
I'm a cop first and foremost, sam,
and you made things real clear earlier.
Earlier? No,
no, no. I was--
you're not gonna believe this, Sam.
Who's Lawrence Raimes?
Lawrence Raimes is Colin twin brother.
They're not on speaking terms, but lawrence there is
a degenerate gambler with a real taste for the dice.
- Maya!
Maya!
Detective!
We got two more units
coming in if you need it.
nothing over here!
what the hell was she doing here, Sam?
10-13 of units, respond at 320
Madison-- Colin Raimes' residence.
hold on, baby. I'm coming.
Detective Tyler, this
is dispatch 50-20.
Detective Tyler, please respond.
go for Tyler.
you can't park here.
Uh,
I--yes.
This--this
is not my car.
so you ain't Sam Tyler?
You--I-I
am.
I--th-this--this--
this is not my car.
I-I was driving A... a jeep.
You were driving a military vehicle?
I need my cell.
You need to sell what?
No. I just...
no way.
-=http://sfile.ydy.com=-
proudly presents
Life on Mars Season01 Episode01
Corrections and missing lines were made by Isocrate[SubScene]
just my size.
small forward Phil Jackson helping out the
knicks in this game 3 against wilt chamberlain
and the Los Angeles Lakers.
What a game we have in
store for you tonight.
you okay? Look like you seen a ghost.
Like he's seen a ghost, and
he was ballin' your mother.
you the, uh, transfer from Hyde?
Sam Tyler?
I'm Sam Tyler. What's Hyde?
It's, uh, upstate.
They got a great train museum up there.
You ever been to it?
All right.
I don't know who the hell you think
you are, but this is my office...
right here.
This is my desk, here.
So where's my desk?
Where's my desk? Chair!
- My computer!
- Your computer? Like hal?
"2001: A space odyssey"?
looks like we got us a regular spaceman.
Okay, what the hell's going on?
This is my department.
What have you done with it?
Hey, hey, you might
wanna keep it down, boss.
too late.
- Now you done it.
- You woke him.
all right. Okay.
Surprise me.
What year is this supposed to be?
it's 1973.
Or, as our chinese brethren would
like to call it, the year of the fist.
you gotta be kidding me.
Don't ever waltz into my kingdom
acting the king of the jungle.
operator.
Um, yeah. I'm--I'm trying
to reach, uh, 917-555-0147.
Is that an international number?
No. No, it--it's
a cell phone.
Maya Daniels' cell phone.
I'm not sure what you're
selling, sir, but you're gonna--
- doctor?
- we're losing him!
- clear!
no response.
- Clear!
stop!
clearly, detective Tyler here is dizzier
than a monkey on a merry-go-round.
Have someone check under his hood.
What, "no-nuts"?
"No-nuts."
No broken bones, no bruises.
Do you feel like you're gonna vomit?
I am a little nauseous,
to tell you the truth.
But you would be, too, if you
took the last flight in from 2008.
You're gonna stick that story, huh?
Are you a doctor?
Mm, I'm about as
qualified as Dr. Kildare.
I'm part of the bureau of policewomen.
What's that?
Oh, they don't have
that in 2008, do they?
Mm, not so much.
We tend to lost kitties, hysterical
girlfriends, concussed detectives.
What's your name?
Annie Norris.
Or as I am so fondly referred
to here in the old 1-2-5--
"no-nuts" Norris.
I was 4 in 1973.
This is 1973, detective Tyler.
And you really should stop
with that line of nonsense.
If what you say is true...
you were hit by a car, brain is a
little sozzled, but you seem okay.
This notion that you're some kind
of a time traveler, not withstanding.
Annie, get your "talking
to grieving parents" kit on.
We found the missing twirl.
A-a "twirl"?
A girl.
A broad? A chick? A dame? A lass?
Of course.
A twirl.
Her name's Suzi Tripper,
missing two days.
Her blouse was left in east river park.
East river park?That--that's
where Maya--
found her this morning, neck
wrung like a christmas turkey.
No sign of sexual assault.
Her blouse left at the scene of abduction,
strangled, no sign of sexual assault.
Is--is this
why I'm here?
No, you're here to make me curse the day my father's
sperm asked my mama's egg if it could have this dance.
Where's the body?
Take him to the slab.
Lab lifted a few prints off her shoe.
They've been sent downtown.
Should hear back in a couple of
weeks or so if there's a match.
A couple of weeks?
Yeah. It's amazing what
they can do these days.
strangled with a ligature, no other
wounds, defensive or otherwise.
What have we learned
from the stomach contents?
Um, Chris?
Uh, take a look.
In the file. In the... post-mortem file.
well, um, she wasn't fed for at
least a day before she was killed.
"Held her for 30 hours."
Just like Laurie Stewart.
come on!
All right. Stop. over. Enough!
Okay, wall is wet. I can
smell the... formaldehyde.
Sandwich on the tray, half-eaten.
It's ham.
someone's-- someone's
whistling outside.
To think, this is the guy they
wanna bump up instead of you?
Yeah, tell me about it.
It's an embarrassment.
Hey, you gotta get some rest.
I-I think that that crash
maybe hurt your head.
oh, my head.
Hey, pal.
Why don't you get yourself a scotch?
Maybe even a stewardess.
You know, set things right.
What
are y--
my god
Tyler.
you look like you were
sleeping with your eyes open.
this is about Maya.
About your "what-a"?
He kills,and then he waits
35 years to strike again.
I mean, that must be why I'm here.
I mean--I mean,if--if I can stop him
now, he can't kill then, and Maya's safe.
No.
Colin Raimes would
be in diapers in 1973.
It doesn't add up.
No, it don'T.
No-nuts is gonna take
you to your new flop.
Take the rest of the day to get settled.
- Yeah, but the fibers--
- that's an order.
He's all yours.
Come on, Sam.
Let me take you home.
"home"?
Yeah.
How can I argue with that?
It's not that bad.
The water isn't brown
so much as it's tan.
Hey, at least the department
is putting you up.
My wage still has me living
with my folks in Kew Gardens.
I mean, Mike Farrell may biggest key
ring in town, but my key isn't on it.
Um, bathroom's down the hall.
There's one on each floor, so you won't
be sharing it with the whole building.
They shipped your clothes from Hyde.
I unpacked them for you.
Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow.
Annie?
Listen to me.
I had an accident,and I
woke up 35 years in the past.
Now that either makes me a
time traveler, a-a lunatic...
or I'm lying in a hospital bed
in 2008, and none of this is real.
I thought we
agreed to stop--
Maya, my girlfriend, has been kidnapped by the
same man who strangled Suzi Tripper yesterday...
Maybe we should rethink
this trip to the hospital.
And he'll hold her for a day.
And then, like Laurie Stewart in 2008
and Suzi Tripper here in '73, and I...
I can't help her.
There's a thing, Sam.
It's called paranoid delusion.
It's chemical, it's in the brain,and--and
things like head wounds can bring it on.
that's pretty fancy talk for a girl
who lives with her folks in Queens.
Temporary arrangement for a woman who's still
paying off her psychology degree from Fordham.
And what if you're just my
mind telling me this is real?
You feel it?
My heartbeat.
If I were a figment of your imagination,I
would probably let your hand linger on my chest.
However...
I gotta go.
Where?
What do you care?
I'm not real, remember?
Soon as I walk out that door...
poof!
I'm gone.
here I go.
Hocus-pocus!
magic, huh?
now get some rest.
In module 3, we noted that the collective
pythorean angles can be derived
from the simple numinary
"a" as in the constant 10.
What concerns us most is
regulating his breathing.
I have to stress to you that
sam is in low responsiveness,
but not in a persistent
vegetative state.
Hey,I'm right here.
There are times, however, he
moves, murmurs...
I'm here!
Has motor responses...
yeah, you're damn right I do!
- Suggesting perhaps that he is operating in an alternate reality.
- Look! Look at me!
All we can do is
monitor and-- and wait.
Sam!
What? I'm awake. I'm awake.
Look at me!
Where you going?
Don't leave me.
Don't leave me here.
Please!
Don't go!
no.
don't leave me.
Suzi Tripper's dead,
and you were seen having a sloe gin
fizz with her the night she was murdered.
I know you.
You broke my cousin Davey's collarbone
at that war protest down on bank street.
Or as I like to refer
to it, the good old days.
Dora?
Uh, my name's detective
Tyler, but please call me Sam.
Are you really a cop?
You don't seem like no cop.
You ain't so much ugly.
Thank you, Sophia Loren.
That night, you were with Suzi.
Did you see her, uh, talking with anyone?
A stranger, perhaps?
The answer, detective Tyler...
is blowin' in the wind
I'm done with this!
Get your hands off me!
Lieutenant!
I want a lawyer!
Stop it!
She asked for a lawyer.
You're done with this, Tyler.
She's a possible witness.
Get outta here!
Sit down.
how you doing, my friend?
What part of my subconscious
do you hail from?
Poughkeepsie.
what's your poison?
Just give me a diet coke.
Diet coke?
Uh, scotch.
Make it a double, will you?
Diet coke.
Now that would be something, huh?
Yeah.
Irish coffee, Nelson,
and I want it black as the sky on
a moonless night above 110th street.
Hey, blue.
This is the detectives' joint.
Your gin mill's around the corner.
All right, let's go.
What did you do to that girl?
You know, where I come from, you'd
be looking at suspension.
really?
For making a breakthrough?
At 2300 hours, she saw Suzi
Tripper heading away from the bar,
followed by a white
male with long dark hair.
That's what I call...
narrowing the gap.
Listen, it's not human
hair under the fingernails.
It's synthetic.
The killer's either wearing thick gloves
or he's using a bag or something
made of coarse materials.
That's a long road of logic to pull
from one minute in the meat-house.
I've seen it before.
I'm telling you, there's a pattern here.
He's gonna take another girl.
you don't have to listen to me.
After all, you're just
some bottom-feeding thug
who crawled out of some dark
pit in the recesses of my mind.
I'll see you, gene.
Send regards to my id.
You wanna throw down?
Let's throw down right now.
You're new on the spit, Tyler, and
I sympathize with that--
"first day at new
school" jitters and all.
But here's what you need
to get smart on quick--
my team's tight.
We collar the baddies
to keep this island safe.
I never give up, and I
always go for the maximum.
When my time is done,they will say,"he
has been here," of that I am sure.
"He...has...been...here."
And there are less villains on
the street because of that fact.
Which is why you need to believe me.
With what I know, I can find this killer.
All right, then.
Prove it.
To find our guy, we have to
anticipate his next move.
To do that, we have to get inside his
head to understand what he's thinking.
It's a very powerful
thing to be able to do.
So is pulling a rabbit
out of my labonza.
Annie?
You're familiar with the case?
Yes, sir.
Can you help me out here?
I'd rather not.
Please.
Come on, Annie.
Oh, I get it.
Every houdini needs an assistant
with a great set of gams.
Ms. Norris has a psych
degree from Fordham.
Yeah, well, I have an ass
that can fart the melody
of every Peter, Paul and
Mary song ever recorded.
Do I get to stand up there, too?
so...e victim wasn't gagged.
That seems odd.
Right?
Why didn't he gag her?
Because he needed...
he needed to see her mouth, her lips.
We need to see the things that we value.
Put yourself in his
mind-set-- you're lonely.
Women ignore you.
But in your dreams, there's a girl.
She's got these big eyes and...
ruby red lips.
And this dream haunts you.
But one day, you find that girl from
your dreams, and you bring her home.
But something's wrong.
Why don't those lips smile at
you like they did in the dream?
So you're embarrassed.
Then angry.
It's her fault.
She taunted you in
the dream, and now--
now she's rejecting you.
You reach your breaking point.
You strangle her, and the whole cycle
repeats itself with another girl,
but this time, you're sure you'll
must the courage to kiss her.
Only you won't
be able to--
if I wanted to be this bored,
I'd go to mass with the missus
and her miserable mother.
This nut job may have
just moved into the area.
Let's start lookin' at new
faces in the local boozers.
Let's not wait until another
girl ends up with her dead on.
Get outta here, Norris.
Somewhere there's bound to be someone
lookin' for their cream of wheat.
we've wasted enough time already.
Let's go.
Sam!
About back there...
please don't ever do that to me again.
What, ask you to use your
brain for five seconds?
I know how this department works, and I
know what they think about women in uniform.
And someday things are going
to change, but until that day,
the last thing I need is to draw
attention to the things I know,
the things that are going to make me an excellent
member of the New York police department.
That day is not now,
and no matter how much you believe you
came from a future where this is all so,
it's not.
I don't understand.
I'm sorry. I'm
not trying--
I don't understand why I
would be dreaming about this.
Who dreams of being yelled at by a closet
feminist member of the 1973 policewomen's bureau?
Where are you going?
My mind can only invent so much.
So I'm gonna walk until I can't think up any
more streets or faces or arguments or details.
There are only so many details.
what I need to do, Annie, is to
follow the yellow brick road.
And what are you gonna find?
Hopefully, the end of
the yellow brick road--
Maya is saved, and I get to go home.
My mom used to take me here.
I bought my first Hall & Oates alb---
uh, my--my first Led Zeppelin album here.
What you see here-- all of this--
Vinyl albums--they all become obsolete,
replaced with, uh, cds and digital music
you listen to on mp3 players this big.
And the sound is, um...
well, it's much worse.
I'll have to find a way to
take all this back with me.
Sam?
he doesn't gag them.
He wants to kiss them, so he
doesn't cover their mouths.
But if they shout, he could get caught.
So how does he keep 'em qut?
Strands of material under the victim's
nails and on their skin, only it's not wool.
It'S...
it'S...coarse.
Synthetic.
Know what this is, Annie?
What?
It's the end of the yellow brick road.
The fibers we found under
Suzi Tripper's fingernails?
Acoustic padding.
That's how he keeps his victims quiet.
He soundproofs the room
where he holds them.
What's wrong?
That pain in the ass Dora
Keene has gone missing.
That found her jacket all ripped up and
bloodied on the "j" platform at Delancey.
Looks like he did it again.
I got something.
Raimes--that name you
asked me to look into--
there's a report filed three
months ago-- woman in her 70s.
Shirley Raimes.
Why is this Mrs.Raimes important?
She's Colin Raimes' grandmother.
Who the hell's Colin Raimes?
Look, this is just a hunch, okay?
Bring her in.
that's good coffee.
There's so much bad coffee in the world.
It's nice to have good
coffee with a pastry.
Mrs. Raimes, you made a complaint
to the police three months ago.
I did?
This is wonderful.
Good. Now you made a
complaint about a neighbor.
What can you tell us about that?
I forget things.
Mrs. Raimes, it could be vital that you remember
exactly why you came in to see us three months ago.
I...
okay. Maybe-- maybe someone upset you
or did something bad or--or dangerous.
Now, come on , Mrs. Raimes, I
need you to think.
Come on.
think!
Pasticiot'.
What's that, hon?
I love pasticiot', the ones
with the real italian custard.
Oh, those are quite pricey.
Chris, run down to Quinzani's
and pick up a dozen pasticiot'.
Tell Richie Quinzani they're for
a very special friend of mine.
And don't you go worrying
about this neighbor business.
It's not important, not important at all.
You want another cup, hon?
That's very nice of you.
You got it.
The man downstairs--
Willy Kramer...
what about him, dear?
He plays his phonograph
all the night long.
Bash, crash, bam--
terrible stuff.
Music these days--oh, it's
not like the golden era.
So that's why you came in to make
a complain about the noise from his stereo.
And it did the trick.
He still lives there, but
you can't hear a thing now.
wait.
Do we have a warrant?
There's your warrant.
-Police!
--Perfect
Nora, it's ok
Police!
Nora, remember me?
You're safe.
Kramer?
It's over.
there's no place left to go.
you got it right, pig.
There's no place left to go.
Will?
Willy, listen to me.
No.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
All right, just put the gun down.
It's the way back.
It's the only way back.
The...
the way back where?
the way back home.
- Willy--
- stay away or I'll do it!
I will do it.
I get it now.
Oh, that's good. That's right.
Okay. Send me back.
Shoot me, so I can save Maya.
Shake me out of this insanity.
the crack of the
gun, the bullet, it's the--
it's the jolt I need. Is
that what you're saying?
Don't make me!
Why not?
This is all in my mind anyway.
You don't exist. You're just
a symbol of my anger or a--
or a metaphor for my inability to commit.
Either way, you're nothing.
Please!
You do it.
Shoot me.
Wake me up.
Shoot me!
Come on. Come on. Pull the trigger.
I want to go back home.
Come on. Pull the trigger, Willy.
Get me outta here, Willy!
You really are some
kindof lunatic, Tyler.
You even managed to
out-lunatic this daffy goopus,
and he's crazier than a fruit
bat at a cranberry convention...
which makes you a pretty
good fit for us at the 1-2-5.
What do you think, boss?
That remains to be seen.
Is that necessary?
Not at all.
Laurence, Colin, get inside, boys.
I like. Marbles
Maya was right. It
was about hero worship.
Colin Raimes was trying to impress the man
he idolized-- his neighbor, Willy Kramer.
It was a copycat.
Sam.
That little boy is
gonna grow up to abduct Maya.
So what now, Sam?
I don't know, Annie.
I don't know.
hey, Colin.
you're the one who took away Willy.
there are things I know...about you.
And you may never
understand how I know them.
You want to be...like Willy
'cause you think he has the answers.
Isn't that right?
Willy isn't afraid of anything.
I'm afraid of everything.
It's good to be afraid, Colin.
Fear keeps us honest.
Fear keeps us alive.
It keeps us sane.
Keeps us sane.
Sam?
Maya?
Sam, it's me.
Can you hear me?
Yes, I-I can hear you.
Maya?
Sam, if you can hear me, I'm safe.
Everything's okay.
Now come home.
Come back home.
but I don't know how.
I miss you.
I miss you, too.
Are you okay, mister?
yeah.
Yeah. I, uh...
she said she's safe.
So...
I guess I am.
Sam?
uh, yeah, uh, go for Tyler.
Sam, I've been lookin' all over for you.
We got an armed robbery down on Sullivan.
The loo wants all hands on deck.
Are you comin'?
Sam?
Are you there?
Yes, Chris, yes.
For some reason...
I'm still here.
later, kid.
Corrections and missing lines were made by Isocrate[SubScene]
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org